(DOCSP-19920): Add Flexible Sync RQL Limitations to RQL page (#1543)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/reference/realm-query-language.txt

   .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/realm-query-language/realm-query-language.codeblock.sort-distinct-limit.js
      :language: javascript

.. _flexible-sync-rql-limitations:

Flexible Sync RQL Limitations
-----------------------------

Flexible Sync has some limitations when using RQL operators. When you 
write the :ref:`query subscription <flexible-sync-query-subscription>` 
that determines which data to sync, the server does not support these
query operators. However, you can still use the full range of RQL features
to query the synced data set in the client application.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 40 60

   * - Operator Type

>      - Unsupported Operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Description
```

Unfortunately it looks like the "Unsupported Operators" cells have expanded beyond lists of operators and include other details and even workarounds now. I don't really like the term "description" here, but it seems slightly better suited to the current contents than "Unsupported Operators."

   * - Embedded or Linked Objects
     - Flexible Sync does not support querying on properties in Embedded 

>        Objects or links. For example, ``obj1.field = “foo”``.

Reviewer: Maybe this is just pre-coffee brain, but it's unclear if this means you can't query *directly* on embedded/linked objects (that's what it seems to say right now) or if you just can't subquery on those objects, e.g. `obj.embeddedObject.field = "foo"`.

If both aren't allowed, I would suggest adding examples of *both* to make it clear that you can't do either. Unless this is already covered somewhere else I'm not thinking of!

   * - Comparison Operators

>      - Flexible Sync does not support BETWEEN. Use range operators for this 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Flexible Sync does not support BETWEEN. Combine range operators with AND for this 
```

Range operators sound like half the story, but it seems equally important to mention stitching them together with AND.

       type of query, instead. For example, ``field > 100 AND field < 200``.
    
   * - Case-Insensitive Queries
     - Flexible Sync does not support modifiers for case insensitivity.

   * - String Operators
     - BEGINSWITH, ENDSWITH, CONTAINS, LIKE

   * - Aggregate Operators
     - Flexible Sync does not support property operators.

   * - Collection Operators
     - ANY, SOME, ALL, NONE

   * - Query Suffixes

>      - DISTINCT, SORT, LIMIT

Reviewer: The "String Operators", "Collection Operators" and "Query Suffixes" descriptions are all just lists of operators. It's pretty jarring to come across these -- I did a bit of a double take at first to make sure that these were still exclusive lists of unsupported operators. I think we should either:

- expand these cells into "Flexible Sync does not support ..." prefixed sentences
- maintain a "Unsupported Operators" column that's JUST a list of operators, and add a second column that's titled something like "Suggested Workarounds" or "Details" to handle situations where we need to elaborate

Or maybe something else -- these are just the solutions that popped out to me without diving too deeply into what a solution would actually look like. But I do think we have a bit of a problem with column content uniformity that we ought to address here.

Author: Fair. I've updated the table to explicitly list all of the unsupported operators in the table, instead of some of the blanket "Flexible Sync doesn't support this category of operator" that I'd been using as shorthand. Probably better to be explicit.

I moved the one workaround to below the table - am pondering adding an asterisk to indicate there's a footnote. And I moved the "Embedded Object" callout to its own section, because it's not really an operator. I think this cleans things up.

   * - IN

>      - Flexible Sync does not support the ``IN`` operator, whether using

Reviewer: If we're going to monospace "IN" here, maybe we should monospace all of the operators in the previous table rows?

Author: Updated monospace and capitalization to match the prior instances on the page. Good call!
